README.md, before:

# Myopia Theme for GTK+

![](.screenshots/00.png)

![](.screenshots/01.png)

![](.screenshots/02.png)

![](.screenshots/03.png)

## Warning

Status: Looking for bugs to fix.

This theme was only tested on Gnome 3.6+.

The blur doesn't work, it uses transparency only.

## Installation

Make sure you have the "User Themes" extension turned on.

To install, copy the `Myopia` folder and paste it in `~/.local/share/themes` or `~/.themes`, and select the theme in Gnome Tweaks.

### Variations of this theme

There are some variations of this theme on the 'Variations' folder ;)

## Tweaking

Make sure to tweak themes inside the original Myopia-Theme repository.

You can customize colors, transparency and other stuff in the file `Settings.scss` (Inside the 'Tweaking' folder). For advanced tweaks, use the Advanced folder.

Then, inside the 'Tweaking' folder, open the terminal and type `./parse.sh`, this will recreate the 'Myopia' folder with your new settings.

After all of these steps, follow the Installation guide to get your new Myopia customized theme ;)

## Donate!

Making this theme real and good takes a lot of time of designing and coding. So if you like the project, consider donating to keep me motivated maintaining it :)

https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=6B3MUW2KH4LXN&source=url

## What's coming next?

- Bug Fixes

- Icons

- Blur support ( waiting gtk-4.0 )

Commit message:

Update Screenshot and transparency for blur support

README.md, after:

# Myopia Theme for GTK+

![](.screenshots/00.png)

## Warning

Status: Looking for bugs to fix.

This theme was only tested on Gnome 3.6+.

For blur support, install the 'blur-provider' gnome extension. It doesn't work properly yet, but it looks good :)

## Installation

Make sure you have the "User Themes" extension turned on.

To install, copy the `Myopia` folder and paste it in `~/.local/share/themes` or `~/.themes`, and select the theme in Gnome Tweaks.

### Variations of this theme

There are some variations of this theme on the 'Variations' folder ;)

## Tweaking

Make sure to tweak themes inside the original Myopia-Theme repository.

You can customize colors, transparency and other stuff in the file `Settings.scss` (Inside the 'Tweaking' folder). For advanced tweaks, use the Advanced folder.

Then, inside the 'Tweaking' folder, open the terminal and type `./parse.sh`, this will recreate the 'Myopia' folder with your new settings.

After all of these steps, follow the Installation guide to get your new Myopia customized theme ;)

## Donate!

Making this theme real and good takes a lot of time of designing and coding. So if you like the project, consider donating to keep me motivated maintaining it :)

https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=6B3MUW2KH4LXN&source=url

## What's coming next?

- Bug Fixes

- Icons

- Blur support ( waiting gtk-4.0 )
